Add config option to disable 404 page (#1389)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/reference/configuration.mdx

By default, every page has a `<title>` of `Page Title | Site Title`.
For example, this page is titled “Configuration Reference” and this site is titled “Starlight”, so the `<title>` for this page is “Configuration Reference | Starlight”.

### `disable404Route`

**type:** `boolean`  
**default:** `'false'`

> Disables injecting Starlight's default [404 page](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#custom-404-error-page) so it can be overwritten with a custom one.

Reviewer: Suggesting a minor tweak here to make the second part more “user desire => action”.

```suggestion
Disables injecting Starlight's default [404 page](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#custom-404-error-page). To use a custom `src/pages/404.astro` route in your project, set this option to `false`.
```
